Week 2 
1.	Group formed. Joined in the Trello team and created the Github account.
2.	We Spent the time analyzed the project spec given by teacher.
3.  We decided using which technich to implement our project,
 
Week 3
Proposal phrase.
1.	Worked together to use the UX tool to create the basic user interface and logic demo
 online. And recorded it to share with team members to help them understand the spec.
2.	Confirmed the tech stack as Front-end framework (vue.js), Serverless (Back-end)
3.	Review the proposal and give them some tech support
3.  create the raw interface by using vue-cli,vuex,iview,and decide to use Serverless framework 
and DynamoDB in the backend

Week 4
1.	Prepared for first-step demo, including introducing the API https://www.alphavantage.co,
 reading the doc of the API, introducing the Chart drawing tool (I-View , V-Charts )
2.	Got familiar with the front-end framework and developed the website
3.  finish the main Page and beging to start the user login in system

Week 5
Finished the frist-step demo includes the cards of 
1.	Info & Search card page:
1.1	Real time info of the select stock
1.2	Search & list bar of all the ASX stocks
1.3	Peer stocks(Button group) for each selected stock
2.	Stock K-chart page
3.	Peer stock table
Demonstrated to tutor in the lab and discussed with team member to see if we can implement 
the prediction module in the final demo.
4.  implementing the portfolio system, which normaly CUSD function
5.  update the UI of this website


Week 6
Mid-break week.
Continuing developing the website.
Including get familiar with Serverless and DynamoDB for the portfolio System. 


Week 7
Finished the tasks including:
1.	Developed News module
2.	Working on the User login/ Register feature and log out
3.	Developed the feature of “Forget password”
4.  Starting to think about the blockchain funciton to sell stock  

Week 8
Finished the User system and the feature “Forget password”
Starting working on the portfolio management system

Week 9
1.  Finished the portfolio management system
2.  Update the Github page to give the raw demo for other user
3.  update the UI to display all the stock infomation 
4.  implemented the backend part for store portfolio and get the stockes this user added in the portfolio
5.  user can delete the stock in a selected portfolio
6.  implementing the blockchain part for the project

Week 10
Iterated the website with some changes includes:
-	Wrote CSS script of the black wizard to show the result of the prediction  
-	Changed the peer table to Carousel K – Chart
-   finish the blockchain part the display the trading board
-   fix bugs, and consider the UI is not so clear and we develop a new UI for our project.

Week 11
1.Fixed the bugs, demo, get feedbake from lecture,then starting to think about how to 
use the blockchain in our project, not the trading usage, for other purpose like share the portfolio
 to every in the block, and store the data in block is more safe if the sever is down.
2. try to finish some function related to portfolio sharing. how to motivate the user(export)
 and help the new user to avoid losing money in the stock market.
3. reword funtion and following function 
